
# X-Detect

  From literature review and field facts, it has been found that there is a recurring process in hospitals of reading disease detection results using X-rays. Meanwhile, the demand for chest disease examinations is increasing.It is often found that doctors make reading errors, and even small hospitals without a resident doctor struggle to produce accurate and timely readings. However, we know that X-ray results are an important indicator of the emergence of diseases. From this problem, we want to create an application that utilizes machine learning models to detect diseases from user-input X-ray data. The hope is that this application can provide early diagnosis, accurate readings, and efficient use of resources.
  Cancer is a serious disease that is often difficult to detect in its early stages, resulting in high mortality rates and a significant burden on society's health. Field facts show the existence of small hospitals with limited medical facilities and a shortage of doctors. Moreover, even though doctors are equipped with competencies to read x-ray results well, factors such as fatigue and lack of concentration often result in inaccurate readings. Furthermore, some x-ray image qualities are poor, making reading even more challenging. From the perspective of medical students, it would be very interesting if they could play with an application that could directly classify results from the x-ray images that are inputted.

## Screenshots

These are the screenshots of our product. First, on the left displays the home view and there is a guide for using the application. Second from the left, displays the user's profile page. The next image shows the detection results from the x-ray images that have been uploaded. Finally, displays articles to add insight to users.
